Go, Thomas!
Kick it, T. M! Kick it.
Now what do we do? Don't
ask me. You've got the gun.
You see, it's my little
sister. She's missing.
I need to know something
about her. What does she do?
She's a hooker, like me.
I was looking
to get my rug shampooed.
Boy, you've come
to the right place.
She almost got me killed.
I thought that was behind us.
And you're beginning
to annoy me.
It could get worse.
Appearances
can sometimes be deceiving.
For instance, it may have looked
like Rick, T.C., Kenny and I were having
a whole lot of fun as we ran our hearts out
training for the King Kamehameha
Club Charity Track and Field Games.
Well, yeah, we were having fun.
But the word "fun" hardly
describes the feeling you get
when you know your body is
as finely tuned as it can be.
Every muscle working in complete
coordination with the other,
instantly reacting to the spontaneous
impulses emitting from the brain,
a perfect mesh of body and mind.
Go, Thomas!
Kick, it, T. M! Kick it!
Then, you know what the word
"invincible" really means.
Hey, man, don't try and get up.
Take it easy, buddy.
Get some ice, little brother.
Twisted, huh, Thomas?
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
Oh, that's a shame.
Looks like Duke's gonna
have to take your place.
Duke will not have to
take my place. I'll be fine.
I'll just walk it off.
Come on, T.C.
I don't think you should
walk on it too soon.
Oh, Jeez.
Here comes Duke now
with the ice.
It's just a minor sprain!
Two longnecks, one ice tea,
and bring a bag of ice.
Right away.
I'll be fine for the race. Come on!
You know, I don't know.
At your age, these kind of
things take longer to heal.
What do you mean, "at my age"?
My age is your age, too!
Nothing wrong with my ankles.
Look, Thomas, I think what
T.C.'s trying to tell you
is if your ankle isn't any
better by this time next week,
well, we'll have to get
Kenny's younger brother, Duke.
Then we can still win the race.
Yeah. Besides,
he's faster than you.
No, he isn't!
Well, he's faster
than you guys, too.
Yes.
But all of our ankles work.
Oh, come on, give me a break.
Oh, shoot!
I'm sorry.
Here, let me...
You?
It's me.
Hi, Thomas.
Leslie?
It was kind of
inevitable, wasn't it?
What was?
Us bumping into each
other again, so to speak.
What's going on?
I guess I forgot to tell you.
I guess so.
Well, Leslie came back into town
and she kind of needed a job.
So I figured hey, what the hell,
after everything
that she did for you
when you were
a hotel investigator.
Detective. Well, whatever. Anyway, she...
Anyway, she almost
got me killed.
Well, you did!
I thought that was behind us.
Look, I got a real job now, a straight job,
and I was just kind of hoping
that once you knew that...
She's right, man.
I mean, the Vice Squad can't
arrest her for serving drinks.
Unless, of course,
she serves drinks to minors.
But you hardly qualify for that,
because most kids
have good ankles.
You were hoping for what?
Whoops! I forgot. I got to meet
Higgins in the Anuenue Room.
He's got some English blokes
lined up
for an aerial tour
of the Islands.
Well, it was nice
seeing you again. Bye!
Rick? Um, I gotta help him coordinate.
And stay off that gam!
You don't look
very happy to see me.
No, that's not true.
It's just kind of a shock.
A shock! How?
What way?
Well, I mean,
to find you here, working.
A job where I stand up?
No! Working here.
I'm so happy
you said that, Thomas.
Hey, honey, how about another round?
Coming right up.
Mai tais, right?
You got a good memory.
Thanks.
Look, I'll call you later,
explain everything.
There's something really important
that I want to talk to you about.
Can you get me a beer?
Sure!
You know something? My
memory's not so bad either.
You're beginning to look
real familiar.
Oh, all waitresses
look the same.
Nah, I've seen you someplace.
Come on, man, take it easy. I have!
You're real distinctive, lady.
Mister, I have only been
in Hawaii for two days.
I have never seen you before.
I think you're wrong! I think you
know exactly where you've seen me.
Why don't you let the lady do her job?
Say what, friend?
I said, why don't you let the
lady do her job? All right?
Thomas, it's okay.
Hey!
Why don't you mind your
own business? I'm trying.
Thomas!
So, honey, when do you get off?
Oh, come on.
That's it!
Now, look.
Please leave now!
Hey, you can't tell me to leave!
My name is Ron Phillips,
I'm a member here.
And you're beginning
to annoy me.
It could get worse.
Hey, that's a threat! Did you
hear that? He's threatening me!
No, I'm not threatening you.
I'm asking you very politely,
before I call the manager,
to please leave now!
Thomas! Just a minute. I'm handling this.
Hey!
I'll kill you!
I'll punch you silly!
I'll rip your hair out!
I'll rip your eyes out!
Oh, my God!
How could you?
You broke my nail, you creep!
Police officer!
Freeze!
That was positively
the most disgraceful exhibition
that I have ever seen!
Even rivaling the time that you unleashed
that python at Mr. Masters' dinner party!
I didn't unleash it!
I was on a case.
A woman fainted!
The right woman! It worked.
Perhaps then, in that instance,
there was some justification.
Today's debacle at the Club
had none.
I am therefore suspending your
privileges there for one month!
You can't do that!
I'll call Robin!
I am quite certain that
he will support my stand.
By the by, have you had
that ankle looked at?
No!
You should.
At your age, these things
can take a long time to heal.
Higgins, I happen to come from
a long line of fast healers.
If it's not in shape,
I hear that Kenny's younger brother,
Duke, has an amazing closing kick.
Perhaps, for the good
of the team,
you should consider
withdrawing from the race.
I am not withdrawing!
Well, I am.
Good day, Magnum.
Is he gone?
Yes, he's gone!
Well, what's that supposed to mean? What?
Nothing. I was just
answering your question.
You want me to go, too?
That's what it sounded like.
Look, I can take a hint.
I didn't say that.
Well, you meant it.
I didn't mean anything!
Okay, fine.
So you couldn't use the clutch
and I had to drive you home.
But you're not stuck
with me. I'll call a cab.
Oh, come on, Leslie! Put
that down. Please, come on.
Leslie, I don't know
what it is between you and me,
but we don't seem to be able to
spend five minutes in the same place
without screaming
or storming out on each other.
I like you. I really do.
And I really admire what you're
trying to do with your life, but...
We just seem to rub each other the
wrong way. You know what I mean?
Yeah, you're probably right.
We're kind of like oil
and orange juice sometimes.
Yeah, you're right.
I'll just keep trying
with my job.
After all, you can't go near
the place anyway for a month,
and then we'll just see
what happens. Okay?
Okay. Friends?
Sure.
Oh, there's one thing I forgot.
Remember I said I wanted to
talk to you about something
just before you got
sucker-punched?
Yeah, I remember. What
did you want to talk about?
I want to talk to you about
seeing me professionally.
Nope, that came out wrong.
I mean you professionally.
I want to hire you, Thomas,
as a private investigator.
You see, it's my little sister.
She called and left a message
that she was in trouble
and now she's missing.
I need your help.
Do you really have to do that?
It makes me feel better,
and it should make you
feel better.
You are where you live,
you know.
Hmm.
Leslie, tell me something.
Do you really have a sister?
Yes!
Well, I just thought I'd ask, 'cause
last time you kind of overwhelmed me
with stories about grandmothers,
and kidney machines, and...
And anything else I could
think of to get you to help me.
Besides, embellishments just kind
of come naturally to me, I guess.
But this is real.
Patty is very real, and
I want you to find her.
How old is she?
Twenty-two.
Twenty-three?
Well, it's been a few years.
Yes, it sounds like you come
from a very close family.
Well, the family may not be
close, but Patty and I are.
And when was the last time
you saw her?
Um,
1978.
Sorry, no, that was Mary
I haven't seen since '78.
We're also a large family.
Just show you this.
That's Patty, and that's me.
Yeah, it has been a few years.
But we talk, though.
Sometimes.
I want to understand this.
I really do.
Uh, you've moved back to Hawaii.
Then you conned Rick
into giving you a job
you have no evident aptitude
or inclination for,
so you could hire me
to find an alleged sister
who you haven't seen
for years. Am I close?
I knew you'd say no.
I didn't say no!
Yet.
Why did you go through
this circuitous route?
Why didn't you just
call and ask me?
Because this is
precisely the attitude
I would have expected
from you, Thomas.
Precisely. I knew it.
I guess I just stupidly thought
that if you saw me making
an honest effort at life,
with a straight job
and everything,
that you would
take me seriously.
Now, that, Leslie, that is
precisely the kind of logic
that always seems
to get you in trouble.
Now, if you'd just been
direct with me, I would have...
Said no.
That's not true.
All right, I'll be direct.
I'll be real direct.
I've always been pretty selfish.
Looked out for number one, let
the world take care of itself.
But right now, my sister is out there
somewhere, in trouble, maybe hurt,
and the only person
that can help her is me.
And I just thought that the only
person that could help me was you.
But I can understand if you
don't want to get involved.
It's not your problem.
I gave it my best shot
and you said no,
so I guess I'll just have to
go on by myself.
Leslie, wait!
But I will go on by myself
because, for once in my life, I'd like
to think that I did the right thing!
Leslie, wait!
For no other reason except
the fact... I can't keep up!
That somebody really needs me,
and I put aside my own petty
problems to help them out.
Leslie, I'm trying
to tell you I'll do it!
Thank you, Thomas.
You're welcome!
Now, I need to know something
about her. What does she do?
Um, she's a hooker, like me.
I'm not exactly sure
why I agreed
to help Leslie find
this missing sister of hers.
But, then again, maybe I am.
Maybe it all goes back to the
"appearances can be deceiving" syndrome.
I mean, yes, Leslie has
embellished in the past,
to the point of
nearly getting me killed.
But I had a feeling that this
time she wasn't embellishing,
that she really was determined
to help her sister out.
Besides, when you have a car
like a Ferrari, well,
just like a racehorse,
it needs a workout.
Leslie, this is the fourth time
that we have been
around the block!
Are you forgetting the address?
No, I did not forget
the address.
I just want to
make sure it's clear.
Ah! Now, this is what
I'm talking about, Leslie.
You have to be more direct. You
just want to make sure what is clear?
The coast!
What coast?
To Cleo's apartment!
Remember her? My friend.
Besides, if her pimp's
around, forget it.
But that's why
you're here, right?
Never mind. Okay.
Now, this is
a very powerful car,
it's going to be hard
to maneuver. Be careful.
My horoscope for the month said
to get ready for some surprises.
Well, I just got that.
But it also said
I'd be marrying rich, too.
Oh, well, one out of two
ain't bad, I guess.
Leslie, honey, you are
flooring me. A waitress?
And the former
hotel detective, too.
Aw! You're
still cute.
Thank you.
And you're still
ducking me, Cleo.
What do you know about Patty?
That depends.
Please, Cleo, I gotta find her!
A whole lot of people
are thinking that way, too.
But if you're going to bring
muscle, which you're going to need,
you should've brought one
that can walk.
He'll do.
Won't he, though.
Cut it out, Cleo!
He's working! For me!
Okay, okay, I'm sorry.
It's just that sometimes...
Never mind.
Patty!
That was taken at the Prince
Kuhio Fair three weeks ago.
Which was the last time
you heard from her. Right!
anybody ever heard from her.
I don't know if you know this, but
she was working down in Waikiki,
and word has it she was
skimming from her man.
Oh!
What happened?
What usually happens.
Wherever she is on this rock, I
wouldn't want to be under there with her,
that's all I can say.
Who's her "man"?
He calls himself
"The Mighty Flinn."
Oh, hell!
Uh, Cleo,
who is he?
I don't know who he is,
but I know what he is.
Take care of her.
Well, where do I find him?
He usually finds you.
Thanks.
Um,
call me?
Sometimes?
Seventeen, eighteen, nineteen,
twenty, twenty-one...
All right!
Hi, guys.
Hey, Thomas.
How's the ankle?
Oh, better. I ought to...
Get some rest.
I mean, Duke is really
tearing up the splits.
I'll be fine.
I'll be ready for the race.
Well, we don't want
to rush things.
I mean, if we have
a winning combination,
we don't want to mess it up just
because of a foolish sense of pride.
Pride's got nothing
to do with it!
I'll let you guys talk.
How could you guys?
How could we what?
How could you try and
manipulate me out of this race?
Because we want to win!
Well, okay, fine. I won't anchor.
I'm still faster than Rick.
Um, speed isn't everything, Thomas.
At least my ankle and I will finish.
Oh, by the way, I got that info
you wanted on that Flinn guy.
He's one tough customer, baby.
According to Ice Pick, he keeps the
obit sections in the newspaper alive.
So I've been told.
Where is he?
At his business.
And I bet you
I know what that is.
Probably some waterfront dive
or gambling parlor...
Uh, he runs a rug
shampooing business.
Thanks.
Thank Ice Pick.
But I don't think
he did you any favors.
Tell him I'll be ready.
Island Breeze.
That reminds me of when Patty
and I played jump rope as kids.
Her favorite rhyme was,
"Tropical breeze tickles your
knees. How many islands can you see?
"One, two, three, four,
five, six...
Leslie...
"seven, eight, nine..."
I get the idea. Wait here.
I'll try.
And don't move.
Hi. Can I help you?
I was looking
to get my rug shampooed.
Oh, yeah? Well, you've
come to the right place.
Well, most of my business
is telephone order.
Who referred you?
A friend.
A good friend.
Easy on the soap, girls.
Uh-huh.
Look, fella, I need a reference.
Okay, what's your name?
Randolph Williams.
Okay, you leave
a credit card or $200
and just tell me when, okay?
And maybe who?
Look, pal, just one time,
in English.
Well, my friend said
that the person who
cleaned his condo
was a young blonde about 22, 23,
and he said
she did a very good job.
Doesn't ring a bell.
Maybe you should...
Maybe I should talk to some of
your maintenance people. I...
Hold it right there!
Where is she?
That's my gun!
Where's who?
Where'd you get my gun?
I cleaned up your place, remember?
I must have stuck it in my purse.
Patty Emory, my sister.
What did you do to her?
I think the two of you
better leave.
Not until you start talking.
I think we better leave, too.
Are you crazy?
No, you are!
What if we forget
the whole thing?
No.
Now what do we do?
Don't ask me,
you've got the gun.
Come on, Thomas, let's go!
Thomas, this is hardly the time to wimp out!
Just kidding.
Come on!
Leave now.
Okay, suffer.
But it's not gonna be my fault
if you can't run in your
dumb race on Saturday.
Yes, it is.
Because of you, it's worse.
I'll have you know that I am
a certified physical therapist.
I'm sure you are.
Just exactly what
do you mean by that?
Certifiable!
That's what I mean!
And you're completely
irresponsible, and crazy,
and to make matters worse,
you made me break
Robin's antique walking stick!
Oh, big deal! I'm sure he's got another one.
Another one?
Do you have any idea,
any conception, of how hard
one of these...
Never mind.
Just get out of my life, now!
On my way!
But I am still going to find
Patty, with you or without you.
Oh, great! Good luck.
Just let the cops know who
the next of kin is to notify.
Damn it! She is
my next of kin!
Leslie, please don't
break anything else.
But I really want to!
Go ahead.
Leslie, just tell me why you
barged in there with my gun.
I guess I was trying
to be direct.
Oh, great.
That's wonderful.
You know, that's
real improvement.
But what sense did it make?
You know, if Flinn
is also after Patty,
then he's not going to know
where she is either. Right?
Right.
Right!
Now, my plan was to
talk to one of the girls.
That was the only way we were
going to get another clue.
Now all that's
been accomplished,
besides just about
getting both of us killed
and setting my ankle back
two more days,
and breaking Robin's
antique walking stick,
is that Flinn is going to be
looking for her that much harder
and you and I have
absolutely nothing to go on!
"You and I"?
Does that mean you're not quitting on me?
You're not, are you?
I think your shift starts at
the Club in about a half an hour.
Yeah, you're right,
I'd better...
But then, how can I help you?
You can't, you mustn't,
and you won't!
But...
But nothing!
Take the Ferrari.
But what about you?
You can't drive.
I'll take the Audi.
It's an automatic.
Thank you, Thomas.
You're welcome.
You know what?
What?
You're a knight.
A knight in armor.
No, I'm not. I'm just a private
investigator doing his job
for a client he cares about.
I'm going to find your sister.
Thank you.
I know what you're
thinking, and you're right.
I never should have borrowed such a
valuable antique in the first place.
And if I had to explain it to him,
I knew Higgins would understand.
Hi, Higgins.
That is my desk.
Yes, I know. I was just
relaxing for a minute.
On my desk?
Do you need it?
It's quite irrelevant
whether I need it or not.
The point is that one doesn't simply
lounge around on another man's desk.
So you don't need it.
As a matter of fact, I do.
Now, if you're quite finished
loafing about...
Oh, Higgins.
You caught me red-handed.
I wasn't actually
relaxing on your desk.
I mean, you know how
important it is to the Club
that I run in that relay race.
And you also know
that my ankle has been
giving me a tiny
little bit of trouble.
So, I thought...
No.
"No" what?
Whatever it is of Robin's you
want to beg, borrow, or steal, no.
Higgins, I...
I am hurt.
I mean, I didn't come here
to beg or borrow anything.
I came here to ask you,
as an expert in the field
of homeopathic medicine,
your advice.
Now, you can call that
stealing if you'd like.
You want my advice?
Only if you want
to give it to me.
I'm sorry, Magnum,
I misjudged you.
The ankle, is it?
Right.
Quite.
I do seem to recall
a similar incident.
Where is that chapter
on Lizard Island?
You don't mind
if I walk around a little?
I just don't want it
to stiffen up.
I'm listening, though.
Ah, here it is.
A young Kanaka boy
traveling with our unit
fell down the river embankment into the
waiting jaws of a ravenous crocodile.
Naturally, I killed the crocodile
with one well-placed shot.
But it took several hours to
pry the young lad's leg loose,
even though
the crocodile was dead.
I formulated a concoction of
local herbs and river-bed clay
to put on the wound overnight,
which, if I say so myself,
was a miraculous cure.
Some of the elements may be a
trifle difficult to come up with
here on the Island.
However, I feel
quite certain that,
with a little persistence...
It seems to be working already.
Okay, so I hadn't been completely
100º/º truthful with Higgins,
and I had even stretched the
truth a little bit with Leslie
when I told her we had absolutely nothing
to go on in terms of finding Patty.
Even once I found a list of
employee records and various clients,
that was still basically true.
But at least it wasn't
absolutely nothing.
In here.
We'd better hurry!
How utterly fascinating.
Some of the more prominent personages
on the Island are listed in this ledger,
including my accountant.
Surprise, surprise.
Oh, and Ron Phillips, the guy
who started the fight at the Club.
And you contend that this Flinn
was supplying them all with
rug shampooers?
Including my sister Patty.
Oh, by the way, Thomas, I
just wanted to thank you for...
Please don't.
For what?
Nothing.
For letting me take the Ferrari.
Higgins, could you just
check this last name
on the list, J. Barnett,
see if it rings a bell?
His billing address is across
from the State Legislature,
and if anybody'd know a guy like
that, it would certainly be you.
You let her drive the Ferrari?
See, uh, he was Patty's last
customer. That's the place to start.
And his secretary wouldn't
take Thomas's call, so...
I'll see what I can do.
Great. Thanks,
Mr. Higgins.
About the Ferrari...
I think he wants us
to leave the room.
Hello, Valerie?
This is Jonathan.
Is the Senator in?
Jay Barnett
is a plastic lobbyist.
You mean the little wind-up
kind with a key in his back?
If you're going to prevail upon
me to do your legwork for you,
then the least I would expect
is a minimum of silliness.
You're right. I'm sorry, Higgins. Go on.
As a matter of fact, he represents
the entire plastics industry
in the State Legislature.
He believes you to be a
representative of a Mainland company
that wishes to relocate here.
Well, that's terrific.
Thank you, Higgins.
Listen, you're not gonna
get in any trouble
with this, are you?
I mean, using your connections to get me
in to see this guy under false pretenses?
Probably.
But your cause is worthy.
If he has anything to do with that
poor girl's disappearance, well,
I hope you nail
his miserable hide.
Hello?
Yeah, it's me.
Is Leslie with you?
No. She went
to work.
Oh, yeah? Then, how come
she didn't show up?
She's really messing me up.
I don't think
you're the only one.
Leslie?
Yes! She did it again.
More on "appearances
can be deceiving."
Sometimes they're not.
Sometimes, no matter what
you try not to see in someone,
it's still going to be there.
Zebras still have stripes,
leopards spots,
and Leslie, one thick-headed,
one-track mind.
But at least I could be
thankful for a couple of things.
Barnett's home address, for one,
automatic transmission,
for another,
and finally,
I was thankful, in advance,
for having the cleverness
and foresight
to get to Barnett
before Leslie did.
Who is it? Thomas Magnum.
We have an appointment.
Small world.
It could get a lot smaller
if you don't get out of here.
What's the matter, Jay?
Get out of here!
You two old friends?
The first time I ever saw her
was the other day at the Club.
But my buddy Ron used to rent
her, if you want references.
What about that project
we were working on?
I lost interest.
Cancel the appointment.
Cancel everything.
What project?
Nothing. I don't know
what he's talking about.
Maybe you'd better tell me
who you really are.
Last and final postscript to
"appearances can be deceiving."
Sometimes it's not worth figuring
out whether they are or not.
For example, it could have
taken me weeks, maybe months,
to sort through
the half-truths and white lies
to find the real reason Leslie had
for being in Barnett's apartment.
And then, I could start in
on the interesting stuff.
Like, what was Leslie's real
relationship with the pimp named Flinn?
And had she ever had
a sister named Patty?
But I couldn't see why I
should spend one more minute
trying to find the trees
through the forest of lies.
Unless Leslie really was
in trouble
and was trying to protect me
with that little act of hers.
Sometimes I think life
would be a great deal easier
without a little voice
nagging at me
when things
don't seem just right.
And once again, it looked like
my little voice was right.
All I could hope for was that Leslie
had left me some kind of a clue.
But I wasn't counting on much.
Fortunately, that's usually
when I get a little lucky.
"Tickles your knees,
Island Breeze."
Obviously, Leslie had found a way to
leave me a message that Flinn had Patty,
and maybe Leslie, too.
But I knew that he wouldn't risk
hiding them out at his office.
Especially when he had a
nice big warehouse tucked away
in a rundown part of town.
I know what you're thinking.
Maybe most of this was my fault.
After all, I'm the one
who told Leslie to be direct.
But, on the other hand, I
didn't tell her to be too direct!
Especially with the wrong guys.
On the other hand,
I suppose it was possible
that I was, in some
small way, responsible
for Jay figuring out she had
ulterior motives for being there.
But, on the other hand, despite
being hopelessly outnumbered,
I did have a plan.
A darn good one.
One that could very well save
Leslie and her sister Patty.
I don't care what you do,
just get rid of her!
I'm not exactly in the business
of cleaning up after
sloppy politicians.
My buddy Ron
told me you were reliable
and discreet.
I do business with you one time,
and I got nothing but problems.
Now, you do something about it,
or you're going to have to
find a new line of work.
Patty Emory, I presume?
Hey! Shriners
convention, 1983!
Shh! No, no, no.
You don't know me.
But I'm kind of a friend
of your sister's.
You're with Leslie! You
guys are here to rescue me!
Oh, God, I can't believe it!
I thought I was a dead person.
Hey, what took you so long?
I hope you don't mind
the long route. Be careful.
What about Leslie?
I'll get to her in a minute.
What the hell did you do to
get so many people mad at you?
Uh, nothing. Really.
Well, Flinn sent me over
to Barnett's place.
So he and Barnett are connected?
No. No, I was just supposed to go over
there to deliver the weekly special,
if you know what I mean?
Anyway, I found some papers.
Some correspondence that would have
gotten Barnett in a whole lot of trouble
unless he was willing to pay a
small finder's fee to recover them.
So you're blackmailing Barnett?
Well, I kind of like
to think of it
as a shrewd financial move
to set myself up in business.
Patty's Palmistry Parlor.
I give great readings.
All right, that's enough.
Now we're gonna have to get
rid of both of these dames.
Great! I just don't want
to know anything about it.
What exactly do you mean
by "get rid of"?
Shut up! Now go get
the other one!
Come on, get her out of here!
Wait a minute!
Where am I going?
Just because I'm a hooker
doesn't mean I don't have a
right to my dreams-come-true.
I didn't say you didn't, but nobody's
gonna have any dreams come true
unless I can get you and your
sister out of here. Now, wait here.
I have friends who know exactly where I am.
And they're going to come
looking for me
if I don't call in
in five minutes.
Hey, boss, she's gone!
Well, find her, stupid!
What are we gonna do?
Kenny!
Throw it in, Flinn.
It's over.
Oh, wow!
I haven't had this much fun
since the 1968 State Fair
when my sister Mary
won the hog-riding contest!
Or was that Wendy?
Bunny!
Scooter?
Scooter!
Bunny!
I see you've met my sister.
Oh, man.
Duke, you okay?
I think I broke my leg.
How's your ankle?
Welcome to the King Kamehameha
Club Charity Track and Field Games.
The first event of the day, the 440-yard
relay, will begin in three minutes.
I brought you some water.
I don't understand why you're not running
this race with the rest of your team.
Why'd you tell them
I would do it?
Because I made a deal.
Huh?
I made a deal with Kenny.
He and his brother would
help me at the warehouse,
and I would withdraw
from the race,
let Duke run instead.
Yeah, but Duke broke his ankle.
That's their problem, not mine.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I'm going back to my seat.
Hey! Don't you think you're
being a little bit petulant?
No!
I think your pride
and ego are hurt.
I also think part of this
is you're mad at me, too.
You're mad because I stole Jay
Barnett's address and jumped the gun.
All right.
Yes, you're right.
Although this is hardly the
time or place to bring it up.
Why in the hell would you
do something so stupid? Why?
I was just trying to do what
you told me to do, be direct.
That's not direct,
that's stupid.
Yeah, you're right.
It was stupid.
It was stupid of me
to almost get myself killed
when I could've just waited
and let you handle it.
But do you want to know
why I did something so stupid?
More than I can tell you.
The only reason I did something so
stupid is because I love my sister.
And I just felt that
the bottom line was,
considering who we were
going up against,
that if anybody was going to get
hurt, or worse, trying to get her back,
I'd rather it be me than you,
because the other
bottom line here is
I kind of, in a weird way,
love you, too.
Well, you don't have to be
that direct.
Hey, you don't have to
take it so personally.
I love a lot of things.
Sunsets, piña coladas, do-wop.
I'd also love to see you run this damn race!
Runners to your marks.
Set...
Go get 'em, Thomas.